#summary Current Conditions Gadget.
#labels Featured,CurrentConditions,Description

= Description =

This gadget provides you with your Personal Weather Station updated data from [http://www.weatherunderground.com Weather Underground] web site.

To add this gadget to your iGoogle click the button [http://fusion.google.com/add?source=atgs&amp;moduleurl=http%3A//pwsgadgets.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/pws_CurrentConditions.xml http://gmodules.com/ig/images/plus_google.gif]

= Features =
 * You can provide any Weather Underground Personal Weather Station id.
 * Select between Metric units, English units or both.
 * Select the refresh rate.
 * Shows temperature and last refresh time.
 * Shows current weather icon.
 * Current weather icon is different during daytime and night.
 * Select the data you want to show:
    * Dew point.
    * Relative humidity.
    * Wind.
    * Pressure.
    * 1 hour rain.
    * Today rain.
 * Customize the title.
 * If your station is not uploading data to Weather Underground for more than 10 minutes the gadget advises you.

= Configuration Parameters =

In the Current Conditions gadget you can find the following configuration parameters :
  * *Wunderground station id*: To get your Wunderground weather station ID you need to add and configure a personal weather station at the [http://www.wunderground.com/weatherstation/index.asp Weather Underground] web site.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Example value: IISLASBA11.
  * *Units*: You can choose to show your data in Metric units (ºC, km/h, mb, mm), English units (F, mph, in, in) or both.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Default value: Metric.
  * *Update every*: You can choose refresh time.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Default value: 30 seconds.
  * *Dew point*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the dew point temperature in thew selected unit.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Relative humidity*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the relative humidity percentage.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Wind*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the wind info, including wind direction, wind speed and wind gust in the selected units.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Pressure*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the atmosferic pressure in the selected units.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *1 hour rain*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the last hour rain in the selected units.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Today rain*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the today's rain in the selected units.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Title*: This is the title you want to show in the gadget.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Default value: Current Conditions.

= Future versions =

 * Improve design.
 * Internacionalization.
 * Add new tabs (extreme values, forecast, lunar phase...).

= Version History =
 * (11/02/2008) v2.1.2
    * Fixed a bug that sometimes causes to show only the icon.
    * The icon is different during daytime and night.
 * (11/02/2008) v2.1.1
    * Fixed bronken link for icon next to temperature.
 * (10/02/2008) v2.1.0
    * Current weather icon next to temperature in the 'Current' tab added.
    * Added 'Tips' tab where you can find some suggestions and other useful information like:
      * If your station is not uploading data to Weather Underground for more than 10 minutes.
      * Info you can provide into Weather Underground web site to improve the design.
      * Useful links.
    * Fixed size.
    * Added scrolling if the gadget is too big for the size.
 * (07/02/2008) v2.0.0
    * Gadget code rewrite from scratch.
    * Added tabs.
    * Design improvement.
 * (31/01/2008) v1.1.2
    * Added last gadget refresh date and time.
    * Version color changed to gray and aligned to right.
 * (29/01/2008) v1.1.1
    * Added version number.
    * Analytics fix.
 * (26/01/2008) v1.1.0
    * Added the ability to show data in both units (Metric and English).
 * (23/01/2008) v1.0.0
    * Initial release.