#summary Weather Underground Charts Gadget.
#labels Featured

= Description =
This gadget provides you with your Personal Weather Station updated charts from wunderground.com.

To add this gadget to your iGoogle click the button [http://fusion.google.com/add?source=atgs&moduleurl=http%3A//pwsgadgets.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/pws_WundergroundChart.xml http://gmodules.com/ig/images/plus_google.gif]

= Features =
 * You can provide any Weather Underground PWS id.
 * Select the refresh rate.
 * Select the charts you want to see
    * Temperature
    * Wind speed
    * Wind direction
    * Pressure
    * Rain
 * Customize the title.

= Configuration Parameters =
In the Current Conditions gadget you can find the following configuration parameters :
  * *Wunderground station id*: To get your Wunderground weather station ID you need to add and configure a personal weather station at the [http://www.wunderground.com/weatherstation/index.asp Weather Underground] web site.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Example value: IISLASBA11.
  * *Update every*: You can choose refresh time.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Default value: 30 seconds.
  * *Temperature*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the chart with the temperature and dew point temperature.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Wind speed*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the chart with the wind speed and wind gust.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Wind direction*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the chart with the wind direction.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Rain*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the chart with the rainfall.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: Yes.
  * *Solar radiation*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the chart with the solar radiation.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: No.
  * *UV (index)*: This parameter indicates whether to show or not the chart with the UV index.
    * This parameter is NOT mandatory.
    * Default value: No.
  * *Range*: This parameter selects the time range of the chart.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Default value: Today.
  * *Title*: This is the title you want to show in the gadget.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Default value: Current Conditions.
  * *Image width*: You can choose the chart width in pixels.
    * This parameter is mandatory.
    * Default value: 350 pixels.
= Screenshots =
TODO
= Version History =
 * (31/01/2008) v1.1.3
    * Added last gadget refresh date and time.
    * Chart image now is not cached.
    * Fixed bug that causes the gadget not to resize properly.
    * Version color changed to gray and aligned to right.
 * (29/01/2008) v1.1.2
    * Added version number.
    * Analytics fix.
 * (27/01/2008) v1.1.1 
    * Fixed bug when it runs on Firefox that causes a 'Data Not Available' image chart.
 * (27/01/2008) v1.1.0
    * Added solar radiation and UV index charts.
 * (26/01/2008) v1.0.1
    * Added different chart height options from 200 to 800 pixels.
 * (25/01/2008) v1.0.0
    * Initial release.